Thanks for the advice, grandma
Thank you grandma for calling the shots
Don't worry.
You say you feel sorry for this wild man in vain
Are you masochistic?
Luo Jingtian
You watch your woman stand up for you
You're such a loser as a man
Don't worry.
I told you long ago not to come, not to come
You see, you angered the head of the family as soon as you came
You are such a scourge
grandma
We have long drawn a line with Ye Fan
We will never do anything to make you unhappy.
To the head of the family, please don't invade us.
All right, everyone sit down
We start family rules
What are you looking at?
Your family of three stand for me
Still want to beat me
Hmm, just stand and listen
Mom and Dad are afraid
Shut up
You little Yan still dare to enter the Ye family's old house
If you cry again, I will throw you out to feed the dogs
Cousin, why are you scaring a child?
I warn you that you will hate my daughter again
Be careful I won't let you go